---
layout: post
title: Reimagining Research
---
**Study Title:** [Emergent Tool Use From Multi-Agent Autocurricula](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.07528.pdf)  
After looking into the credibility of this paper in my Meta Analysis of Research post, I would like to examine possible future studies assuming that the model of multi-agent competative learning they describe in their paper is truley effective. In addition, considering my group's role in my Software Engineering class this study, while likley immensely impractical for a high school student to implement, brings up some interesting ideas as to how a computer can be taught to beat a competitive game.  
**Question Answers:**  
  
1. How does the number of games the program has trained in relate to its ability to beat a human in a simple, winnable game such as dots and boxes (games like tic tac toe are excluded as two players who know the optimal strategy will always come to a draw).  
2. Such a study would almost have an ideal population as the subjects of my study are a computer program that should result in more consistent results. The main data point from the population I am taking is how the number of games the progam has played relates to the program's ability to beat a human. The largest variable in this study would likley be the human's playing ability, but this could be at least partially controlled for by having all computer subjects play the same set of humans.
3. My sample frame would consist of versions of the computer program that have each trained in a different number of games. The number of games between each data point would likley have to be determined based on the game one chooses to use but, based on the data presented in the study above, I think testing around every 500 games from 500-20,000 games might be a prudent place to start.  
4. I think a simple random sample would work well for this study. Although it would likley take many computer hours, one could presumably create a number of computer players at every number of games one wished to test for. They could then ramdomly select a sample of 5 players at each number of games to ensure that their data could be consistenly applied to all players. My reasoning behind using such a small sample is my desire expressed earlier to have each computer player play against every human in the study. As it is, with my proposed sample of 5 computer players taken every 500 games between 500 and 20,000 games, I would already be asking my human participants to play 200 games each (and this is assuming I do not wish to have each computer player play each human multiple times which I likley would). If the data I collect at each number of games is wildley inconistent I may wish to consider increasing the number of players in my sample. I picked simple random because in theory there are no differences between players at each number of games. There will of course be differences as the machine learning algorithms used by the computer players use some randomness, but there should be no discernable groups.  
5. The null hypothesis for this question would be no matter how high I increase my population size, my data still being completly random, or the computer never managing to beat a human. My alternative hypothesis would be that as the number of games that the computer played increased, so would there win rate against a human and I could determine the point at wich the computer won more than the human. 
6. My treatment in this study is the number of games I allow each computer player to play before playing a human. It could also be the humans that computer player ends up facing but, given my desire for every computer player to face every human, this factor should be inconsequential. I chose this treatment because in this algorithm the computer players should learn how to beat abother computer the more games they play, so it seems likley that their ability to beat a human would increase as well.   
7. The treatment groups would be the computer players that have trained to a certain number of games. Subjects would be assignmed to their groups by being trained in a certain number of games.  
8. This expirament would likley begin with many computer hours spent training the many compute players needed. Human volenteers could then be led to a private computer station where they are allowed to familiarize themselves with the chosen game by playing against other hunmans. The humans would then play against the computer players and the wins of the humans and the wins of the computer players in each group of number of games could be recorded.  
9. Given the nature of computers this study should be relativly free of complicating factors and biases. The largest factor that could impact the data would likley be the skill level of each human but having the computer players play ever human could act as effective mitigation.  
